src/TODO.md, before:

# Currently broken

- imperative navigation to home upon post creation/deletion (i.e. navigate("/"))
- rendering spinner causes jump to top on load more, think of another way to show spinner

# TODO

- [] Pull down to refresh feed
- [] Don't show create post button if signed out || call for sign in when signed out
- [] Link to posts with similar countries
- [] Load more on scroll
- [] Sort by latest or most popular
- [] Introduce clapping animation on clap (inspiration: medium.com)
- [] Debounce (?) clapping update behavior
- [] Dark mode
- [] Show spinner where relevant (loading page, uploading new post)
- [] Create FeedKind and render different stuff depending
- [] Verify app accessibility (https://reactjs.org/docs/accessibility.html)
  - [] Make countryselector accessible
- [] Suggest existing genres on typing
  - [] Link to posts with similar genres
- [] Introduce field validation for genre and country as well
- [] Introduce clapping instead of hearts
- [] Update feed in realtime instead of brute refresh upon post upload
- [] Address TODOs
- [] Remove unused routes/pages
- [] BEM the shit out of everything
- [] Demolish CSS defaults
- [] Spinner not showing on main feed
- [] Check for existence of band name on input field change (debounce?)
- [] Introduce push notification on new post created (PWA? Firebase Cloud Messaging?)
- [] Update meta information
- [] Test sharing (Twitter card validator)
- [] Install CSS classname usage plugin and run it
- [] Add tooltip to country flag
- [] Get rid of concept of slug?
- [] Undo Firebase hosting
- [] Check out realtime subscription stuff in hooks.ts
- [] Unify buttons
- [] Add "Posted on" date to posts
- [] Clean up unused packages
- [] Swap default exports/imports to named exports/imports
- [] Smaller nav bar (no need for profile image in nav bar?)
- [] Run npm run deploy on git push
- [] Write JSDocs
- [] React lazy + suspense to lazy load components to improve performance :)
- [] Create custom hooks to simplify code (cf. https://youtu.be/b0IZo2Aho9Y?t=502)
- [] Wrap async stuff in try/catch blocks and handle error cases
- [] Migrate db schema from hearts to claps

# DONE

- [x] Introduce ability to edit
- [x] Rename heart concept to clap
- [x] Unify Feeds
- [x] Implement username choosing (redirect to separate route if no username?)
- [x] Introduce ability to delete
- [x] Reintroduce hearts
- [x] Replace country input with custom filter input from typing to flags
- [x] Optimize design for mobile
- [x] Copy Metatags from other project see if it helps with social media sharing image preview
- [x] Complete list of country flags
- [x] Publish to GH Pages (and pray that it works)
- [x] Show 404 on /username that doesn't exist
- [x] What happened to load more button?
- [x] Fix hot reload
- [x] Create new simple React project, no SSR bullshit
- [x] Fix fucking no-unused-vars and deploy
- [x] Stylesheet not applying to PostFeed
- [x] Load only own posts on load more on /username
- [x] Show UserProfile component if logged in user is on own page
- [x] Feed appears to anonymous users
- [x] Figure out shit with images (avatar and google sign in logo)
- [x] Bug: Other's posts appearing under my username
- [x] Delete concept of post content
- [x] Remove concept of published. i.e. always publish
- [x] Introduce concept of genre
- [x] Introduce country?
- [x] What is the "api" page and its hello.js file?

# NO-OP

-̶ [̶]̶ K̶e̶e̶p̶ u̶s̶e̶r̶ s̶i̶g̶n̶e̶d̶ i̶n̶ Edit: firestore sdk does persist auth info in local storage.

Commit message:

Don't reset createdAt timestamp on post edit

src/TODO.md, after:

# Currently broken

- imperative navigation to home upon post creation/deletion (i.e. navigate("/"))
- rendering spinner causes jump to top on load more, think of another way to show spinner

# TODO

- [] Timestamp seems to be reset on post edit which causes edited post to appear at top of feed
- [] Pull down to refresh feed
- [] Don't show create post button if signed out || call for sign in when signed out
- [] Link to posts with similar countries
- [] Load more on scroll
- [] Sort by latest or most popular
- [] Introduce clapping animation on clap (inspiration: medium.com)
- [] Debounce (?) clapping update behavior
- [] Dark mode
- [] Show spinner where relevant (loading page, uploading new post)
- [] Create FeedKind and render different stuff depending
- [] Verify app accessibility (https://reactjs.org/docs/accessibility.html)
  - [] Make countryselector accessible
- [] Suggest existing genres on typing
  - [] Link to posts with similar genres
- [] Introduce field validation for genre and country as well
- [] Introduce clapping instead of hearts
- [] Update feed in realtime instead of brute refresh upon post upload
- [] Address TODOs
- [] Remove unused routes/pages
- [] BEM the shit out of everything
- [] Demolish CSS defaults
- [] Spinner not showing on main feed
- [] Check for existence of band name on input field change (debounce?)
- [] Introduce push notification on new post created (PWA? Firebase Cloud Messaging?)
- [] Update meta information
- [] Test sharing (Twitter card validator)
- [] Install CSS classname usage plugin and run it
- [] Add tooltip to country flag
- [] Get rid of concept of slug?
- [] Undo Firebase hosting
- [] Check out realtime subscription stuff in hooks.ts
- [] Unify buttons
- [] Add "Posted on" date to posts
- [] Clean up unused packages
- [] Swap default exports/imports to named exports/imports
- [] Smaller nav bar (no need for profile image in nav bar?)
- [] Run npm run deploy on git push
- [] Write JSDocs
- [] React lazy + suspense to lazy load components to improve performance :)
- [] Create custom hooks to simplify code (cf. https://youtu.be/b0IZo2Aho9Y?t=502)
- [] Wrap async stuff in try/catch blocks and handle error cases
- [] Migrate db schema from hearts to claps

# DONE

- [x] Introduce ability to edit
- [x] Rename heart concept to clap
- [x] Unify Feeds
- [x] Implement username choosing (redirect to separate route if no username?)
- [x] Introduce ability to delete
- [x] Reintroduce hearts
- [x] Replace country input with custom filter input from typing to flags
- [x] Optimize design for mobile
- [x] Copy Metatags from other project see if it helps with social media sharing image preview
- [x] Complete list of country flags
- [x] Publish to GH Pages (and pray that it works)
- [x] Show 404 on /username that doesn't exist
- [x] What happened to load more button?
- [x] Fix hot reload
- [x] Create new simple React project, no SSR bullshit
- [x] Fix fucking no-unused-vars and deploy
- [x] Stylesheet not applying to PostFeed
- [x] Load only own posts on load more on /username
- [x] Show UserProfile component if logged in user is on own page
- [x] Feed appears to anonymous users
- [x] Figure out shit with images (avatar and google sign in logo)
- [x] Bug: Other's posts appearing under my username
- [x] Delete concept of post content
- [x] Remove concept of published. i.e. always publish
- [x] Introduce concept of genre
- [x] Introduce country?
- [x] What is the "api" page and its hello.js file?

# NO-OP

-̶ [̶]̶ K̶e̶e̶p̶ u̶s̶e̶r̶ s̶i̶g̶n̶e̶d̶ i̶n̶ Edit: firestore sdk does persist auth info in local storage.
